Welcome back.
Now it's time to clear the database.
And in order to get the database, the first step is that you need to make sure that your your Apache
Web server, as well as your MySchool database, both running, make sure that they are up and running,
and then you need to hand it over to the browser and then you need to type localhost for a slash dashboard.
And this is going to take you to the to the Apache Web server and you will be able to create a database
after you go to this address, localhost four slash dashboard, you can click on BHP, my admin, and
here you can create a database.
Let's create a database.
In order to create a database you need to click on New here on the left upper side of the website.
So here I'm going to click on New and this is going to allow you to type the name of the database.
So here I'm going to type the name of a database.
I'm going to name it BHP project.
So here I'm going to say BHP underscore project and then I'm going to click on Create after you click
on Key.
Yet you will find that on the left side a database has been created and it's name is BHP Underscore
Project.
So make sure that it has been created and if you click on it it will adjust your display.
No tables found in this database because there are no tables, but the database has been created.